How do I install TNT?
---------------------

To install TNT, you must perform two steps.  First, you must ensure
that the TNT Lisp files are readable to you and in a directory that is
on your load path; second, you must arrange for these files to be
loaded into Emacs.  There are several ways of accomplishing each step.
The method you choose will depend on how your computer is set up and
on your personal preferences.  Rather than attempt to describe all
possibilities, I'll just describe one simple, albeit non-optimal,
method.  If you are experienced with Emacs, you'll undoubtedly want to
improve on it.

Both steps can be accomplished by adding two lines to your Emacs init
file.  This file is typically called ".emacs" and usually resides in
your home directory.  Edit this file and add the following two lines
to the end, substituting the absolute path of the directory containing
this INSTALL file (which should also contain several other files,
including "tnt.el") for the "/full/path/to/tnt" in the first line.

(setq load-path (cons "/full/path/to/tnt" load-path))
(load "tnt")

Once you've done this, exit and restart Emacs to force the change to
take effect.  If you see an error message in the echo area at the
bottom of the Emacs window, you may have mistyped one of the lines.
If there's no error, you're probably all set.  To test whether TNT was
loaded, use the describe-function command (invoked by C-h f) to
describe the function tnt-open.  If it works, you should be able to
run TNT.

TNT was originally developed using GNU Emacs 19.34.  It was briefly
tested with versions 19.29, 19.30, 20.2, and 20.3, and it seems to
work.  It also seems to work with XEmacs 20.4.



INSTALLATION OPTIONS
--------------------

The following options can also be included in your .emacs file,
immediately _after_ the above two lines.

(setq tnt-default-username "MyUserName")
    If you set this, you will not have to type in your username every
    time you want to log in.

(setq tnt-username-alist '(("UserName1" . "Password1")
                           ("UserName2" . "Password2")
                           ("UserName3")))
                           
    If you have more than one username, set the list this way.  Then
    you can use "C-x t s" to change which username will be used the
    next time you connect.  Any number of usernames can be listed in
    this way, but note that each element of the list MUST be either of
    the form ("UserName") or of the form ("UserName" . "Password"),
    and note the apostrophe.  When you log in as a username for which
    the password is not stored here, you will be prompted.

(setq tnt-default-password "MyPassword")
    If you set this, you will not have to type in your password every
    time you want to log in.  However, if the file you set this in is
    readable by other users on your system, they could log in as you,
    so if you set this, be careful.  Also note that if you use
    multiple usernames, you should not set the tnt-default-password
    (unless all your usernames use the same password).

(setq tnt-separator "\n\n")
    This controls what is printed between message.  One newline is pretty
    much required in order separate messages.  Two newlines is the default,
    but other strings, suchs as "\n-\n" may be desirable.

(setq tnt-use-timestamps t)
    This will add a timestamp for each message you receive or send.
    This is useful for logging, and for people who are on very often.
    It's also convenient if you leave yourself logged in while away
    from your computer, so then when you come back, you can see how
    long ago it was that your friend said "hi" while you were gone.

(setq tnt-beep-on-buddy-signonoff t)
    This makes TNT beep any time one of your buddies signs on or off.
    Note that whether or not you set this, you will still get messages
    in your minibuffer saying "MyBuddy online" and "MyBuddy offline".

(setq tnt-use-split-buddy t)
    This will force tnt to split the window horizontally whenever the
    buddy list command is invoked.  This rule does not apply when in
    in the *scratch* buffer, or when already in the *buddies* buffer.

(setq tnt-use-keepalive t)
    This tells TNT to use the keepalive packets to help keep your
    connection alive.  Try this if you keep getting booted randomly.  
    This option will most likely break when used in Xemacs, so if 
    you get error messages using this, don't use it.

(setq tnt-recenter-windows nil)
    This tells TNT to NOT recenter each window automatically.

(setq tnt-email-to-pipe-to "someone@example.com")
    Setting this allows you to toggle forwarding of all incoming IMs
    to the specified address.  This might be useful if you have an
    email address which goes to an alphanumeric pager, and you want to
    be able to receive IMs anywhere!  Once the email address is
    specified, turn forwarding on and off with "C-x t M".

(setq tnt-email-binary "/bin/mail")
    This variable is set by default to /bin/mail, but sysadmins can change
    it without worrying about changing the elisp code.

(set-face-foreground 'tnt-my-name-face "ColorName1")
(set-face-foreground 'tnt-other-name-face "ColorName2")
    These set the colors used for the usernames of yourself and the
    person you're talking to.  Only works if emacs is running in X (in
    other words, not for example in a telnet session.)  You can
    experiment with different colors by simply putting the cursor at
    the end of one of the above two lines and hitting "C-x C-e".  This
    will save you having to exit and relaunch emacs millions of times
    to get just the right color scheme.

